feat(ecs): enable default capacity provider strategy (#23955)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-ecs/README.md

});
```

### Cluster Default Provider Strategy

When the service does not have a capacity provider strategy, the cluster's default capacity provider strategy will be used.

> Default Capacity Provider Strategy can be added by using the method addDefaultCapacityProviderStrategy.

Reviewer: Please mention both the fact that you can specify capacity providers in the constructor and with the method, and some of the limitations of the first approach (e.g. you cannot set a default strategy with any ec2 capacity providers by using the constructor).

We should also show an example of creating an ec2 ASG capacity provider and adding it and fargate spot with the method. The current example is invalid, since we do not show `capacityProvider` being added to the cluster's capacity providers.

> In case of fargate service, if the cluster enableFargateCapacityProviders is false then the default capacity provider strategy will be used.

Author: sorry I forgot to update this. I updated readme file

});
```

### Cluster Default Provider Strategy

> A capacity provider strategy is part of the configuration of a cluster, service, or task. A capacity provider strategy consists of one or more capacity providers. You can specify an optional base and weight value for finer control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A capacity provider strategy determines whether ECS tasks are launched on EC2 instances or Fargate/Fargate Spot. It can be specified at the cluster, service, or task level, and consists of one or more capacity providers. You can specify an optional base and weight value for finer control of how tasks are launched. The `base` specifies a minimum number of tasks on one capacity provider, and the `weight`s of each capacity provider determine how tasks are distributed after `base` is satisfied.
```

You can associate a default capacity provider strategy with an Amazon ECS cluster. After you do this, a default capacity provider strategy is used when creating a service or running a standalone task in the cluster and whenever a custom capacity provider strategy or a launch type isn't specified. We recommend that you define a default capacity provider strategy for each cluster.

For more information visit https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/cluster-capacity-providers.html

> When the service does not have a capacity provider strategy, the cluster's default capacity provider strategy will be used. Default Capacity Provider Strategy can be added by using the method `addDefaultCapacityProviderStrategy`. A capacity provider strategy cannot contain a mix of capacity providers using Auto Scaling groups and Fargate providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the service does not have a capacity provider strategy, the cluster's default capacity provider strategy will be used. Default Capacity Provider Strategy can be added by using the method `addDefaultCapacityProviderStrategy`. A capacity provider strategy cannot contain a mix of EC2 Autoscaling Group capacity providers and Fargate providers.
```

```ts
declare const capacityProvider: ecs.CapacityProvider;

const cluster = new ecs.Cluster(stack, 'EcsCluster', {
  enableFargateCapacityProviders: true,
});
cluster.addAsgCapacityProvider(capacityProvider);

cluster.addDefaultCapacityProviderStrategy([
  { capacityProvider: 'FARGATE', base: 10, weight: 50 },
  { capacityProvider: 'FARGATE_SPOT', weight: 50 },
]);
```

```ts
declare const capacityProvider: ecs.CapacityProvider;

const cluster = new ecs.Cluster(stack, 'EcsCluster', {
  enableFargateCapacityProviders: true,
});
cluster.addAsgCapacityProvider(capacityProvider);

cluster.addDefaultCapacityProviderStrategy([

>   { capacityProvider: capacityProvider.capacityProviderName, base: 10, weight: 50 },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  { capacityProvider: capacityProvider.capacityProviderName},
```

Since we're only adding one capacity provider here in the strategy can we just leave off base and weight? is this valid?

Reviewer: I don't actually know whether this is valid. Is it required? Please research this and confirm here that this configuration will actually deploy before resolving this conversation.

```ts
declare const capacityProvider: ecs.CapacityProvider;

const cluster = new ecs.Cluster(stack, 'EcsCluster', {
  enableFargateCapacityProviders: true,
});
cluster.addAsgCapacityProvider(capacityProvider);

cluster.addDefaultCapacityProviderStrategy([
  { capacityProvider: 'FARGATE', base: 10, weight: 50 },

>   { capacityProvider: 'FARGATE_SPOT' },

Reviewer: Don't you need to specify a weight for these?

Author: Actually for the second its an option to specify weight, but we cannot specify base for that.

Reviewer: Okay, but this example will default the weight of `FARGATE_SPOT` to 0, which is not a realistic example. Why would someone specify it unless they wanted some tasks to launch in spot capacity? Please add a weight to FARGATE_SPOT.

Author: Ok sure
